NOTES AND CAVEATS ON 'WINXRAY'

This program has been provided "AS IS" with no warrantees
whatsoever.  Any damage which may result to your system as
a direct or indirect result of the use or abuse of this
program is NOT the responsibility of the author, nor of
Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.  This software is not intended
for general release to the public at this time.  Please do
not distribute it outside of the scope of the Beta program.

Please feel free to send any feedback about WINXRAY via CIS
E-Mail to:  Robert Frazier [70172,177].


WINXRAY currently uses undocumented features and an unorthodox
method to switch to ring #0 via call gates, in order to access
the 'INT 20' API used by VxD's.  This program has never been
tested under Windows NT, and is likely to crash the system if
any function that attempts to access VM information is invoked.
It uses DPMI functions to allocate and free selectors, in order
to prevent any restrictions on what the selectors are being
used for.  It also manipulates the LDT directly, when necessary.
Basically, it is a very ill-behaved program that gives you some
useful information that cannot be obtained through any other
means without significant coding.  Since the program is self-
contained (it requires no VxD to help it) there is no install
process required.

'WINXRAY' has been tested under Windows 3.0 (with TOOLHELP),
Windows 3.1, and M5 Chicago.  All of the information that you
see is as accurate as possible, with the exception of the
'PageMap' section, and the 'Files' listing under Chicago (this
is due to unfinished code in Chicago, and not compatibility).
The HELP file is mostly complete, and also provides a detailed
explanation of how protected mode works, and what the various
entries in the descriptor tables mean.

Current known bugs/problems:

1) LDT and GDT listings are limited to 64k of text, based on
   the capacity of a list box.  Any selectors listed which
   attempt to exceed the capacity of a list box are not
   displayed, so it is possible to have an incomplete list.
2) PageMap section is NOT fully accurate, though the sections
   which are marked as 'PHYSICAL RAM' are correct.  Other info
   is moot under Chicago (like 'VM ID'), and the 'SWAP FILE' vs
   'NOT PRESENT' distinction is not accurate.
3) PageMap has no help file entry.
4) 'VxD List' has no help file entry   
