     ** WinCMD - The Command Line Interpreter for Windows(tm) **
    Copyright (c) 1991,1992 by R. E. Frazier (all rights reserved)

Thank you for trying WinCMD!  This program is the result of sheer
frustration with Microsoft(r) Windows(tm) when it comes to setting up
'batch processes' and being able to 'type in' a command.  Sometimes
it's just FASTER to type the command in, than to open a group, click
an icon, select from a menu or dialog box, etc.  Also, the ability
to create batch files to perform commonly repeated sequences of events
is just too useful NOT to have included it in Windows in the first
place!  So, this application came into being.  It was intended to look
as much like 'COMMAND.COM' as possible, with lots of other nice stuff
that's specific to Windows.  Other, similar applications have also been
written, but I think this one's the best (and I hope you do also)!

Some of the nicer features of this program include (but are not limited
to) the following:

   ONLINE HELP - type 'HELP' at the prompt for more information

   MS-DOS(r) 5.0 compatibility for most commands

   BACKGROUND COPY and FORMAT operations - you can still use WINCMD
   while copies or format operations are in progress.  That way you
   can type in the next file to copy (or disk to format) while the 
   previous one(s) are copying or formatting (as well as just being
   able to use the machine).  This can save alot of time!

   ANSI sequence support - Everything except BLINKING text is fully
   supported, including cursor motion.  For those of us (like me) who
   use a full-color PROMPT, it's the difference between GOOD and GREAT!

   WINDOWS specific features - PLAYSOUND, DDE, LOAD, CLOSETASK, KILLTASK,
                               TASKLIST, and 'FILE ASSOCIATION' SUPPORT

   As an icon, WinCMD is a DRAG/DROP client - you can drop a file onto
   WinCMD from File Manager, which then 'types in' the filename to the
   input buffer.  This name either executes on the command prompt, or
   (if 'INPUT' is active) gets entered into an environment variable via
   the 'INPUT' command.

   EXTENSIONS to 'IF' and 'FOR' - enhancements which help write
   'intelligent' batch files.

   THE CALCULATION ENGINE - use expressions within parentheses in the
   'IF' command, or within '%' operators for text substitution.  Also
   the 'CALC' command prints the result of an expression, and the 'LET'
   command assigns the result of an expression to an environment 
   variable.  Over 70 functions (arithmetic, string, date/time, boolean,
   program control, and 'Windows Specific' [advanced]) can turn batch 
   files into high level language applications capable of controlling
   other applications (by 'typing' keystrokes into them), monitoring
   the progress and results of various operations, and so forth.


If you find this program useful, you may license it for $40.  This
includes Postage/Handling for 1 free upgrade, plus the documentation for
the CALCULATION ENGINE: the 'CALCULATION SUPPLEMENT'.  This 38 page
document explains (in detail) how to use the various operators and
functions provided by the CALCULATION ENGINE, and provides sample 'BATCH'
applications to illustrate some of the more powerful features.  It is
especially worth-while for those users who have 'nightly processing' to
perform (I have written 'BATCH' applications to perform a download from
a mini-computer, then activate a spreadsheet or other application to use
the download file to perform reports or analysis.  The process begins
early in the morning, so that it will complete each day prior to the
employee's arrival).  Applications that perform 'nightly processing' can
save HOURS of time each week, by performing repeated operations in a
smooth and controlled manner, without operator intervention.  One of the
sample programs, 'CONTROLR.BAT', illustrates how to run an application
and force 'menu' commands, detect the creation of a DIALOG box (in this
case, the 'Open' dialog box), then simulate typing in a file name and
pressing the 'OK' button to load the file.  


        To license this product for a single user, send $40 to:

                           Robert E. Frazier
                       c/o Stewart~Frazier Tools
                      14729 Camanito Mar de Plata
                          Del Mar, CA  92014
                       CIS E-MAIL:  [70172,177]

                     SITE LICENSES are available!


(U.S. funds only, please.  Orders outside the U.S., please send funds
 payable by U.S. banks {Canadian Postal Money Orders OK} to avoid
 transaction fees.  Consumer is responsible for any tarrifs or duty
 that might be collected on overseas orders.)

